18 Dec 2018 – Comrades, friends:

December 18, 1978, in Chinese history, in the history of the Communist Party of China, in the history of the People’s Republic of China, are bound to go down in history is an important day. On this day, the Party held the Third Plenary Session, to achieve the great turning point of far-reaching significance of the party’s history since the founding of New China, opened the reform and opening up and socialist modernization great journey.

Today, we solemnly gathered here to review the glorious history of 40 years of reform and opening up, summarized the great achievements of reform and opening and valuable experience to mobilize the whole Party and people continue to push forward reform and opening up a new era for the realization of “two a hundred years “goal, to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese dream of unremitting struggle.

Comrades and Friends!

The third plenary session was held at a critical historical juncture where to go party and the country is facing. At that time, the world’s rapid economic development, technological advances, and the “Cultural Revolution” decade of civil strife led to China’s economy to the brink of collapse, people food and clothing are a problem, nation-building to be undertaken. Outside the party strongly urged to correct the “Cultural Revolution” error, the party and the country to rise again from distress. Comrade Deng Xiaoping pointed out: “If we do not reform, and the socialist modernization of our cause will be ruined.”

Wrong seriously hindered under the leadership of Comrade Deng Xiaoping and support under the older generation of revolutionaries, the third plenary session to break long-term “left”, criticized the erroneous policy of “two whatevers”, full recognition must be complete and accurate grasp scientific system of Mao Zedong thought highly of discussion on the criterion of truth, decisively ending “taking class struggle as the key link” to re-establish the Marxist ideological line, political and organizational lines. Since then, China’s reform and opening up opened the big screen.

Our party made the historic decision to implement the reform and opening up, is based on a profound grasp of the future and destiny of the party and the country, is based on a profound summary of the socialist revolution and construction practice, is based on a deep insight into the trend of the times, is based on the people expectations and needs profound realization. Comrade Deng Xiaoping pointed out: “Poverty is not socialism”, “We want to catch up with the times, the purpose of this reform is to be achieved.”

Historical development has its own rules, but in which people are not entirely negative passive. As long as grasp the historical development trend, seize the opportunity to change history, work hard and strive for progress, human society will be better able to move forward.

Reform and opening up our party a great awakening, it is this great awakening gave birth to the great creation of our party from theory to practice. Reform and opening up of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation in the history of a great revolution, revolution is this great leap to promote the great cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics!

Comrades and Friends!

The establishment of the Communist Party of China, People’s Republic of China was founded, promote reform and opening up and socialist cause with Chinese characteristics, are the three historic event occurred in China since the May Fourth Movement, in modern times to achieve the great rejuvenation of the three major milestones.

Comrade Mao Zedong as the main representative of the Chinese Communists, the combination of the basic principles of Marxism-Leninism with the concrete practice of the Chinese revolution up, created Mao Zedong Thought, united and led the whole Party and people, after a long bloody struggle to complete the new-democratic revolution established People’s Republic of China, established the basic system of socialism, successfully achieved the greatest Chinese history’s most profound social change, provided the fundamental political prerequisite and institutional basis for all development and progress in contemporary China. In the exploration process, although experienced serious twists and turns, but the original party theoretical results achieved in socialist revolution and construction and great achievements, and creating socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new historical period has provided valuable experience, theoretical preparation, substance basis.

After the Third Plenary Session, with Comrade Deng Xiaoping as the main representative of the Chinese Communists, united and led the whole Party and people, a profound summary of China’s socialist construction both positive and negative experiences, learn from the historical experience of socialism in the world, the creation of Deng Xiaoping theory, to make the party and the country shifted to the center of economic construction, reform and opening up historic decision, profoundly reveals the essence of socialism, the basic line for the primary stage of socialism, clearly go its own way, the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristics Marxism, scientific answer a series of basic questions of building socialism with Chinese characteristics, the development of the mid-21st century in three steps, the basic realization of socialist modernization development strategy, successfully created a socialism with Chinese characteristics.

After the Fourth Plenary Session of the Thirteenth Party, with Comrade Jiang Zemin as the main representative of the Chinese Communists, united and led the whole Party and people, adhere to the Party’s basic theory, basic line, deepen what is socialism and how to build community doctrine and what kind of party to build and how the party’s understanding of the Party, state and accumulated new valuable experience, formed the important thought of “Three Represents.” In the domestic and international situation is very complex, serious twists and turns of world socialism appeared before a severe test, defended socialism with Chinese characteristics, established the basic framework and objectives of the reform of the socialist market economic system, established the basic economic system in the primary stage of socialism and distribution system, create a new situation comprehensive reform and opening up, push forward Party building the new great project, the success of socialism with Chinese characteristics into the 21st century.

After the Party Congress, Comrade Hu Jintao as the main representative of the Chinese Communists, united and led the whole Party and people adhere to Deng Xiaoping Theory and the important thought of “Three Represents” as guidance, according to the new requirements of the development, a profound understanding of and responded to the new situation to realize what kind of development, how development and other major issues, the formation of a scientific concept of development, seize the important strategic opportunities, promoting innovation in the practice of building a moderately prosperous society in theoretical innovation, institutional innovation, emphasis on upholding people-oriented, comprehensive, coordinated and sustainable development, the formation of the socialist cause with Chinese characteristics and the overall layout, to ensure and improve people’s livelihood and promote social equity and justice, promote the building of a harmonious world and promote the Party’s governance capability and vanguard nature, success in the new historical starting point on uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics.

Since the party of eighteen, the CPC Central Committee to unite and lead the whole Party and people of all ethnic groups, a comprehensive look at the new international and domestic situation, by summarizing the practice, look to the future, deep answer a new era of socialism and insist on what kind of development with Chinese characteristics, how maintaining and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics important contemporary issues, the formation of a new era of socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics, adhere to co-ordinate to promote the “five in one” overall layout, coordinate the promotion of “four comprehensive” strategic layout, adhere to seek progress of work total the tone of the party and the country in all aspects of work put forward a series of new ideas new ideas and new strategies to promote the party and the country in the historic changes, made historic achievements of socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era. We have great political courage and wisdom, to submit a comprehensive deepening reform overall goal is to improve and develop the socialist system with Chinese characteristics and promote national governance systems and governance modernization efforts to enhance systemic reform, integrity, synergy, focus their efforts on major institutional innovation, efforts to enhance people get a sense of well-being, a sense of security, the introduction of 1600 a number of reforms, in a lot of hard bone to chew, break through a lot of rapids, presenting a comprehensive reform force, multi-point breakthrough, walked quickly hoof steady, pushed forward situation.

Hardships greatness percent. For 40 years, we emancipate our minds, seek truth from facts, boldly try, the courage to change, dry out a new world. From the introduction of the household, township enterprises, the abolition of agricultural tax, animal husbandry tax and special product tax to rural contracted “three rights” division, winning the battle of poverty, implement the strategy of rejuvenating the countryside, from Shenzhen to set up special economic zones, coastal areas along the border and inland along the center of the city opening up to join the World Trade organization, to build “along the way”, the establishment of free trade area experimental, free trade port plan with Chinese characteristics, successfully held the first China international import Expo, from “bringing” to “go out, “do a good job from the state-owned medium and small enterprises, the development of private economy to deepen the reform of state-owned state-owned enterprises, to develop a mixed ownership economy, from a single public ownership to public ownership is dominant and diverse forms of ownership develop and adhere to the” two unwavering ” from the traditional planned economy to a socialist market economic system unprecedented and then to make the market play a decisive role in the allocation of resources and better play the role of government, deepen economic, political, cultural, social and economic reform from the main, reform of the system of ecological civilization and Party building, And the reform of state institutions, Xingzhengguanli reform, rule of law reform, judicial reform, foreign affairs reform, social governance reform, environment inspectors reform, reform of national security, national defense and military reform, the party leadership and the party a series of major reform of the system reform, discipline inspection and supervision system reform, push forward the construction, the convenience, Huimin, Limin initiatives continued implementation of the reform and opening up to become the most significant characteristics of contemporary China, the most magnificent weather.

Comrades and Friends!

40 years of reform and opening up, from the open to the new era into the new century, new starting point for the slave to enter a new era, through thick and thin for 40 years, 40 years, overcoming all obstacles, 40 years temper Endeavor, our party to lead the people drawn on a magnificent, imposing magnificent historical picture, write the song a sense of heaven and earth, the magnificent struggle hymn.

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to emancipate the mind, seek truth from facts, advance with the times, pragmatic, unswervingly adhere to the guiding position of Marxism, unswervingly adhere to the basic principles of scientific socialism, courage promote theoretical innovation, practical innovation, institutional innovation, cultural innovation and all aspects of innovation and give socialism with Chinese characteristics with distinct characters of practice, theory characteristics, national characteristics, characteristics of the times, the formation of a socialist road with Chinese characteristics, theory, system, culture, highlighting the irrefutable scientific fact fresh vitality of socialism, the great banner of socialism always flying high in the land of China!

– – For 40 years, we always persist in taking economic construction as the central task and keep releasing and developing the productive forces, China’s GDP increased from 367.9 billion yuan in 2017 to 82.7 trillion yuan, an average annual real growth of 9.5%, far higher than the same period in the world economy around 2.9 percent average annual growth rate. China’s GDP gross world product rose from 1.8 percent at the beginning of reform and opening up to 15.2%, over the years contributed to world economic growth rate of over 30%. China’s total merchandise trade rose from $ 20.6 billion to more than $ 4 trillion, the cumulative use of foreign direct investment of more than $ 2 trillion, total foreign investment reached $ 1.9 trillion. China’s major agricultural production leapt to the forefront of the world, the establishment of the world’s most complete modern industrial system, technological innovation and major projects localities. Our significant achievements in infrastructure construction, information flow, the road into a network of railroads serve dam stands, natural gas, water diversion, speeding high-speed rail, ship voyage, aircraft flying, natural moat change thoroughfare. Now, China is the world’s second largest economy, manufacturing superpower, superpower trade in goods, consumer goods second largest country, the country’s second largest foreign capital inflows, China’s foreign exchange reserves consecutive years ranked first in the world, the Chinese people rich it has taken a decisive step on the journey up strong!

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to the socialist path of political development with Chinese characteristics, and constantly deepening political restructuring, develop socialist Minzhuzhengzhi, the party and state leadership system has improved steadily, to further promote the comprehensive rule of law, the legal system of socialism with Chinese characteristics increasingly sound , system security and the rule of law to protect the people as masters of the more powerful and comprehensive development of human rights, to further consolidate the patriotic united front, people enjoy and exercise their democratic rights content richer by law, channels more convenient, more diverse forms, to master their own destiny Chinese people full of unprecedented enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, daring to show the power of the reform and opening up and socialist modernization!

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to develop advanced socialist culture, strengthen the construction of socialist Jingshenwenming, cultivate and practice the socialist core values, inherit and carry forward the fine traditional Chinese culture, adhere to the scientific theory points to lead the way to correct public opinion condensate heart cohesion, in order to shape the soul of advanced culture, with outstanding works inspire morale, patriotism, collectivism and socialism widely promote, era model, heroic models are emerging, growing prosperity arts and culture, faith network is developing rapidly, ideal for the whole nation beliefs and cultural self-confidence growing, significantly enhance national cultural soft power and influence of Chinese culture. Reform and opening up the great cast of reform and opening up the spirit, greatly enriched the connotation of national spirit, the most distinctive contemporary Chinese people’s spiritual identity!

– – For 40 years, we have always insisted on educating the young, to education, employment, medical services and a sense of security, and housing, weak development of somewhat protect and improve people’s livelihood, and comprehensively promote help improve the people’s livelihood, improving people’s well-being. The national per capita disposable income increased to 26,000 yuan from the 171 yuan, middle-income groups continue to expand. Our cumulative reduction of 740 million poor people, the poverty rate dropped 94.4 percentage points, a glorious chapter in the history of human poverty. The comprehensive development of education, consolidate the nine-year compulsory rate of 93.8%. China into the world’s largest social security system, including pension, health care, subsistence allowances, including housing, basic old-age insurance covered more than 900 million people, health insurance coverage more than 1.3 billion people. Resident population urbanization rate reached 58.52 percent, up 40.6 percentage points. Life expectancy residents increased from 67.8 years old in 1981 to 76.7 years old in 2017. Our long-term overall social stability, has become one of the most insecure countries in the world. Food stamps, cloth ticket, the prisoner, fish tickets, gas vouchers, tickets tofu, this non-staple food, industrial and other people’s lives has been inseparable from ticket ticket has entered the history museum, starvation, lack of food and clothes, these live in poverty for thousands of years plagued by problems of our people generally gone!

– – For 40 years, we always insist on protecting the environment and conserving natural resources, adhere to promote ecological civilization construction, speed up the ecological civilization institutional system formation, the main functional areas system gradually improve, energy conservation has made significant progress, major ecological protection and restoration project has progressed smoothly, ecological environment significantly strengthened and actively participate in and guide international cooperation to address climate change, the Chinese people born and bred in the home more beautiful and pleasant!

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to the Party’s absolute leadership over the army, continue to promote the modernization of national defense and the armed forces, and promote the people’s army to achieve a revolutionary reshaping, weapons and equipment made a historic breakthrough, a fundamental change in the way of running the army, revolutionized modern formal significantly increased the level of ability people’s army to safeguard national sovereignty, security and development interests significantly enhanced to become a powerful force to defend the people’s happy life, defend the motherland and world peace unbreakable!

– – For 40 years, we always persist in promoting the peaceful reunification of the motherland, the implementation of “one country two systems,” the basic policy, have resumed sovereignty over Hong Kong, Macau, wiping out the humiliation of the Chinese nation for centuries. We adhere to the one China principle and the “1992 consensus” to strengthen cross-strait economic cooperation and cultural exchanges, promote the peaceful development of cross-strait relations, firmly oppose and contain “Taiwan independence” separatist forces, firmly grasp the initiative in cross-strait relations and development initiative. All the Chinese people at home and abroad ethnic identity, cultural identity greatly enhanced, concentric Will Build China Dream stronger!

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to the independent foreign policy of peace, unswervingly follow the road of peaceful development, pursue win-win strategy of opening up, firmly safeguard the basic norms governing international relations and safeguarding international justice. We implemented by a closed and semi-round opening up of historical transformation, and actively participate in economic globalization to promote the common development of mankind make its due contribution. We actively promote the construction of an open world economy, building the fate of the human community, to promote the reform of global governance system, clear-cut stand against hegemony and power politics, world peace and development continue to contribute Chinese wisdom, the Chinese program, Chinese forces. Our world is increasingly approached the center stage, the international community recognized builders of peace in the world, contributors to global development, defenders of the international order!

– – For 40 years, we always adhere to strengthen and improve the Party’s leadership, and actively respond to various risks and challenges in the long-term governance and reform conditions faced by the party, continued to promote Party building the new great project, maintaining the Party’s advanced nature and purity of maintaining close ties between the party and the people. We are actively exploring Communist Party rule, socialist construction law, the law of development of human society, and constantly open up a new realm of Marxism in China. We persist in the struggle the party to manage the party strictly, clean political environment within the party, perseverance is the wind Su Ji, Xingshizhuyi strong regulation, bureaucracy, hedonism and Wasteful to a zero-tolerance attitude severely punish corruption, anti-corruption landslide victory. Our revolutionary party in forging firm at the forefront of the times, has always been the backbone of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation!

Dead Poets Society 40 years, Fruitful, dramatically changed the face of reform and opening up of China, the face of the Chinese nation, the Chinese people face, the face of the Communist Party of China. Ushered in the Chinese nation from stand up, get rich and strong up to the great leap forward! Socialism with Chinese Characteristics ushered from the creation, development to improve the great leap! Chinese people ushered in the great leap from less well-off food and clothing to the rich! Chinese people are with a new attitude tower in the east of the world!

40 years of achievements made not fall from the sky, more than others the gift of charity, but the whole Party and people with diligence, wisdom, courage dry out! We used a few decades in developed countries has completed the process of industrialization several hundred years walked. In the hands of the Chinese people, it is impossible become possible. We created a miracle of Chinese people are very proud, very proud!

Here, on behalf of the CPC Central Committee, the contribution of the wisdom and strength to reform and opening up and socialist modernization on all fronts to the majority of workers, peasants, Zhishifenzi, cadres, PLA officers, armed police officers and soldiers, policemen, the democratic parties and personages without party affiliation, people’s organizations and patriots from various quarters, pay tribute! To make positive efforts of compatriots in Hong Kong for reform, opening up and modernization of the motherland, Macao and Taiwan compatriots and overseas, to extend my sincere greetings! To care about and support China’s reform and opening up and modernization drive foreign friends and people around the world, to express my heartfelt thanks!

Comrades and Friends!

40-year practice has fully proved that since the Third Plenary Session of the Party to unite and lead the socialist road with Chinese characteristics, people of all nationalities opened, theory, system, culture is completely correct, the formation of the Party’s basic theory, basic route, the basic strategy is entirely correct.

40-year practice has fully proved that China’s development for developing countries to move towards modernization provides a successful experience, opened up a bright prospect, is a powerful force for promoting world peace and development, the Chinese nation is a major contribution to human civilization and progress made.

40-year practice has fully proved that reform and opening up is an important weapon of the Party and the people great strides to catch up with the times, the only way is to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics, is the key to a move decided the fate of contemporary China, but also decided to implement the “two one hundred in “goal, a move crucial to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.

Only the tide of history, positive response, the initiative to change in order with the times. “Line of force is known more forward, deep knowledge of the line more.” 40 years of reform and opening accumulated valuable experience is precious spiritual wealth of the Party and the people, has a very important new era for maintaining and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics guidance, must cherish, long-term adherence, constantly enrich and develop in practice.

First, we must uphold the party’s leadership over all the work, continue to strengthen and improve the Party’s leadership. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: the leadership of the Communist Party of China is the most essential features of socialism with Chinese characteristics, is the biggest advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics. Party and government military and civilian science, East and West, the party leadership is everything. It is precisely because always adhere to the Party’s centralized leadership, we can achieve a great turning point in history, opened the new era of reform and opening and the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation on a new journey in order to successfully deal with a series of major risks and challenges, overcome numerous difficulties and obstacles to a strong strain Bureau, Ping storm, flood war, SARS prevention, anti-earthquake, the crisis can neither walk nor take the old road closed rigid change the flag changing of the guard evil way, but unswervingly take the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics. Uphold the party’s leadership, we must continue to improve the party’s leadership, so that the party’s leadership more responsive to the requirements of practice, age, people. On major issues of principle decided to uphold the party’s leadership this country’s future and destiny of the Party, the whole Party must maintain a high degree of ideological consciousness, political conscious, conscious action, did not waver.

On the road ahead, we must strengthen the “four consciousness” firm “four self-confidence”, the CPC Central Committee and resolutely safeguard the authority and centralized leadership, the party’s leadership to reflect and implement the reform, development and stability, domestic and foreign affairs defense, Party, state and government military and other fields. Every step of reform and opening up is not easy, the future will certainly face the challenges of this kind of risk, even unimaginable encounter stormy sea. Our party should overall situation and coordinating all parties adhere to scientific, democratic and law-based governance, improve the Party’s style of leadership and governance, improve the party’s leadership and ability levels, and constantly improve the party direction, the overall plan, set policy, the ability to promote and anyone reform, to ensure that the ship of reform and opening up along the right course, true to line.

Second, we must adhere to the people-centered, continuous realization of people yearning for a better life. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: to seek happiness for the Chinese people, to seek the revival of the Chinese nation, the Chinese Communists beginning of the heart and mission, but also the beginning of reform and opening up the heart and mission. Our party from the people, rooted in the people, for the benefit of the people, serve the people wholeheartedly is the fundamental purpose of the party, must be based on the fundamental interests of the people of all our work is the fundamental starting point and goal, adhere to the People ‘s Support, agree or disagree, happy with it as the basis for policy development, conform to the people, respect for public opinion, concerned about the people, committed to the people’s livelihood, both by proposing and implementing the correct theory, line, principles and policies to lead the people forward, and from people practice requires the creation and development to get forward momentum, let the people share the fruits of reform, encouraging more people consciously join in the reform and opening up and socialist modernization.

On the road ahead, we must always put the people’s yearning for a better life as our goal, practice the party’s fundamental purpose of implementing the Party’s mass line, the dominant position of respect for people, respect the wishes of the people as expressed in practical activities, experience created, the rights owned, the role played by, well hidden among the people inspired the creation of great power. We want to improve democratic institutions, expand democratic channels, enrich the forms of democracy, improve the legal safeguards to ensure that the people enjoy extensive full accordance with the law, real concrete and effective democratic rights workable. We should strive to resolve the people’s urgent needs required by hope, let the people share the economic, political, cultural, social and ecological development achievements in various aspects, there are more and more direct and really get a sense of well-being, a sense of security, continued promote the comprehensive development of common prosperity of all people.

Third, we must adhere to the guiding position of Marxism, and constantly promote theoretical innovation based on practice. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: Innovation is the reform and opening up of life. Practice Development endless, endless emancipate the mind. Engels said: “The ultimate cause of all social changes and political change should not be the people’s minds, the people of eternal truth and understanding of justice increasingly promote in to look, but should be to change the mode of production and exchange of To find”. We integrate theory with practice, and timely answers asked era, and asked the people, to clarify the fog plagued by ideological shackles and practice development, continuously push forward the era of Marxism in China popular, and constantly open up the development of Marxism a new realm.

On the road ahead, we must adhere to the important thought of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory and the “Three Represents”, the scientific concept of development, a new era of socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics as a guide, emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts organic unity. 21st century Marxism, Marxism in contemporary China is the historical responsibility of the Chinese communists responsibility. We want to strengthen the awareness of the problem, the era of awareness, strategic awareness, with deep historical perspective, a broad international perspective to grasp the nature and development of the internal relations of things, closely tracking the creative practice of millions of people, learn from and absorb human all the outstanding achievements of civilization, constantly answer practice times and gives us a new major issue, let Marxism of contemporary China shines even more brilliant light of truth.

Fourth, we must adhere to the socialist road with Chinese characteristics, continue to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: decide on the future direction of the road destiny. We want destiny in their own hands, we must not interested in change, said the same firm. 40 years of reform and opening up, our party all the theory and practice of the theme is to uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics. Such a civilization with a history of over 5,000 years in China, a big country with 1.3 billion people and more to promote reform and development, there is no textbook can be regarded as a golden rule, nor can the Chinese people the dictates of God’s teachers. Mr. Lu said: “What is the way the place is never out of the way of trampling, opened only from the place of thorns out?.” Socialism with Chinese Characteristics is China strides to catch up with the times, leading the broad road of development of the times, must unswervingly go.

On the road ahead, we must adhere to the new era of socialist thought and nineteenth spirit of the party with Chinese characteristics as a guide, to enhance the “four self-confidence,” Firmly grasping the orientation of reform and opening. What changed, how to change must be based on whether the improvement and development of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, promote the modernization of national governance systems and governance overall goal as a fundamental dimension of the change, we can change the resolute reform, reform should not be reform determined not to change. We should adhere to the basic line of the Party, the economic construction as the center with the four cardinal principles, reform and opening up two basic points to a new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics great practice, long-term adherence, and never waver.

Fifth, we must adhere to improve and develop the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, continue to play and enhanced institutional advantages in China. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: the system is the relationship between the party and the country’s development of fundamental, comprehensive, stable, long-term issues. We grasp improve and develop the socialist system with Chinese characteristics crucial for the liberation and development of the social productive forces, liberation and enhance social vitality, always maintain the vitality of the Party and the State to provide a strong guarantee, in order to maintain social stability, to ensure that the people live and work, protection national security provides a strong guarantee, to let all the elements of labor, knowledge, technology, management, capital and other energy to unleash allow all sources of social wealth full play to continue the establishment of institutional mechanisms vibrant.

On the road ahead, we must unswervingly consolidate and develop the public economy, and unswervingly encourage, support and guide non-public economic development, give full play to the decisive role of the market in allocating resources to better play to the role of government to stimulate the types of market players vitality. We must uphold the Party’s leadership, people are the masters, the rule of law must uphold and improve the people’s congress system, the Chinese Communist Party-led multi-party cooperation and political consultation system, the system of regional ethnic autonomy, grassroots self-government system, and comprehensively promote law rule, consolidate and develop the broadest patriotic united front, the development of socialist democracy in consultation with the institutional system of ensuring the people. We want to strengthen the system and cultural fields, held banners, gather the people, educating newcomers, Xing culture, exhibition image, and actively cultivate and practice the socialist core values, to promote Chinese traditional culture and the creative transformation, innovative development, cultural heritage of the revolution, the development of advanced culture, and strive to create a glorious era, glorious world of Chinese culture. We want to strengthen the system of social governance, and constantly promote social fairness and justice, maintain social stability and order. We want to strengthen the system of ecological civilization, implement the most stringent environmental protection system. We are determined to get rid of all hinder the development of institutional mechanisms obstacles and barriers curing interests, accelerate the formation of a complete system, scientific and standardized, effective operation of the institutional system, and promote socialist system with Chinese characteristics more mature and more stereotypes.

Sixth, we must adhere to the development as the top priority, and constantly enhance our overall national strength. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: the liberation and development of the social productive forces, enhance the overall strength of the socialist countries, is the essential requirement of socialism and basic tasks. Only firmly grasp the economic construction as the central, unswervingly adhere to the development is the last word, development should be the scientific development of strategic thinking and development of high-quality, sustainable and healthy economic and social development, in order to fully enhance China’s economic strength, technological strength, defense overall national strength, in order to lay a solid material foundation for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.

On the road ahead, we must focus on the contradiction between the social Zhuyaomaodun not fully developed to solve the growing needs of the people a better life and unbalanced, and resolutely implement innovation, coordination, green, open, shared development concept, to promote co-ordination ” five in one “overall layout, coordinate the promotion of” four comprehensive “strategic layout, promote high-quality development, promoting new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, agricultural modernization simultaneous development, accelerate the construction of a modern economic system, and strive to achieve higher quality, and more efficient, more equitable, more sustainable development. We should adhere to the main line of supply-side structural reforms, positive changes in development, optimize the economic structure, transforming growth momentum, actively expand domestic demand, the implementation of coordinated regional development strategy, the implementation of rural revitalization strategy, resolutely fight preventing and defusing a significant risk, accurate poverty , tough fight pollution prevention. We should adhere to innovation is the driving force that talent is the primary resource of ideas, implementation of innovation-driven development strategy, improve national innovation system, and accelerating core technology innovation, to create a new engine for economic and social development. We should strengthen the construction of ecological civilization, lies to firmly establish the idea that gold and silver mines, the formation of green development and way of life, our great motherland build a more beautiful, so that people living in the sky bluer, mountains greener, more water clear and beautiful environment in.

Seventh, we must adhere to expand opening up and keep pushing to build a human community destiny. Reform and opening up 40 years of practice tells us: Open bring progress, behind closed inevitable. China’s development is inseparable from the world, the world’s prosperity also needs China. We co-ordinate domestic and international situations, adhere to the basic state policy of opening up, the implementation of proactive opening-up policy, the formation of a new pattern of full liberalization of all-round, multi-level and wide-ranging, for our country to create a good international environment, to develop a broad space for development .

Forward on the road, we must hold high the peace, development, cooperation and win-win banner, adhere to safeguarding world peace and promoting common development objectives of foreign policy, promote the building of mutual respect, fairness and justice, cooperation and win-win new international relations. We must respect the right to choose the path of development of peoples, the maintenance of international fairness and justice, promote the democratization of international relations, against his own will on others, oppose interference in other countries’ internal affairs, against bullying. We have to play the role of a responsible big country, support of the majority of developing countries, and actively participate in the global governance system reform and construction, together to build a lasting peace, common security and common prosperity, openness and tolerance, clean and beautiful in the world struggle.

